Brother, come and catch me
Mom?
Ah!
doer
How could Chenchen be like this?
Mrs. Ye, please calm down first
The main thing now is
Giving children liver transplants
With my doctor
Not with me
My wife is not well
With my liver
Just my sister doctor
With my liver, oops, listen to me first
Now only Mrs. Ye's liver has been successfully matched
However, due to physical reasons
Mrs. Ye's liver can only save one now
How do you want me to choose?
They are all my children. What do you want me to choose?
You tell me.
aunt
You risk my life to save them, okay?
Doctor, I'm on my knees for you
Doctor doctor
I beg you.
Doctor
nonsense
What are you waiting for?
Of course I should save my grandson first
Dad, you must have another way
The palms and backs of the hands are full of meat
Student, he is also your biological granddaughter.
Mom, you can't save your sister like this
Save sister save sister
Save mom
Just listen to me
Old boy hahaha
Hahaha
What are you still doing?
Duo'er Duo'er is gone, Duo'er Duo'er
Duo'er Duo'er
Okay, okay.
The child will belong to someone else sooner or later
Do you want to have another one later?
Girls must understand
Mrs. Duo'er's mother is here
Don't be afraid of Duo'er
My condolences, Mrs. Ye
Miss is already alive, he can't die
He still smiles like that
He told his mother's hands to chew so sweet
You have to save him.
You have to save him
What are you doing?
What are you doing with me?
You have to be able to save him.
Mrs. Ye, don't do this
Your wound has opened
You will die if you go on like this
really loyal
Why don't you deal with it quickly?
Yes, yes!
madam
Ah he he manual he didn't die
He did it manually.
Someone is obsessed, he manually dragged it out quickly
madam
What's wrong wife
Mrs. Wife
Wife
You wake up you wake up